The code in this repository is used to construct a Network of Servers that is used to split the numerical work associated with solving 
the Bose Hubbard model (Quantum Field Theory) over a series of computers over a local network. One overarching Administrator Server
is constructed, which must run first. Every computer connected to the local network can then run one of the sub-servers, which contact
the Admin Server and register themselves with it. The Admin server then creates a proxied socket, which it returns to the sub-server it 
just registerd. This is the point of communciation between Admin Server and Sub-server.

The Admin Server is coupled to a PathDispatcher object, which is a simple RESTful WSGI interface that accepts and processes incoming HTTP 
requests, which are passed on to the Admin Server. The Admin Server then processes the request and sends out a Remote Procedure Call to all
the sub-servers registerd with it via the proxied sockets, assigning a section of parameter space to each sub-server. 

The Sub-servers then proceed to evaluate the section of parameter space allocated to them and return the evaluated data to the Admin Server,
which in turn returns it to the client

Files
-----

Administrator.py
----------------
file containing the code for the Admin Server, as well as a series of helper classes. Must be run first, before any sub servers are
generated

Server.py
---------
file containing code for the sub-servers. Should only be run if the Admin Server is already up and running

PathDispatcher.py
-----------------
file containing the code for the RESTful WSGI interface used to accept HTTP requests

Client.py
---------
file containing code for client GUI. Note that this is not needed to make a request to the server; any method for generating a HTTP 
request to the server works.

Gutzwiller
----------
this folder contains all the code that is used to solve the Bose Hubbard model via the Gutzwiller approach. See other repositories for 
details on how it works


